Now, that we have set up our action creator for handling the initial data,
we have created all of our different actions that need to be dispatched,
and we've also set up our reducers,
which will handle those dispatches.
The next thing we need to do is actually invoke
handleInitialData when our application loads.
So, what we'll do is inside of our components folder,
inside of app.JS here,
what we want to do is import a few different things.
We will grab connect,
which is going to come from react-redux,
and then we want to grab these function.
I just barely talked about handleInitialData coming from action slash shared.
Then, now what we want to do is,
when this component mounts,
we want to dispatch the invocation of our handleInitialData action creator.
But in order to get access to dispatch,
what we need to do is we need to connect our app component, so we can just connect it.
Notice, we don't need anything from the state.
So, we just leave the first invocation blank.
Then now, inside of componentDidMount,
what we can do is call this.props.dispatch,
and we can invoke our handleInitialData action creator.
So, now if we don't have a typo anywhere,
what we should see if we refresh
our application is the UI is still the same because we haven't changed that,
but now, you'll notice inside of our console because we set up our logger middleware,
we are now seeing all of the actions that are dispatched.
What the new state of our store looks like is we have our auth.user,
we have all of the different tweets,
and we also have all of the different users.
So, now that we actually have the initial data we need to render our application,
what we'll do in the next videos is we will start building out the main view in our app,
which is going to be this dashboard view.